Data Discovery /major_players.md, before:

## Data Discovery

- Rapid Miner
- Kinime
- Alteryx
- 
- **Revolution Analytics** [ <https://www.revolution-analytics.co.ke/> ]
  - Revolution Analytics provides an enterprise-class platform for the development and deployment of R-based analytic solutions that can scale across large data warehouses and Hadoop systems, and can integrate with enterprise systems.
  - Revolution R Enterprise is a commercial package of R, an open-source functional programming language designed for statistical computing and graphics.
  - R is being increasingly used for data analysis.
  
- **Megaputer** [ <https://www.megaputer.com/> ]
  - Megaputer provides two separate software packages for text analysis.
  - Megaputer provides two separate software packages for text analysis : PolyAnalyst, TextAnalyst
  - Features:
    - Categorization
    - Clustering
    - Prediction
    - Link Analysis
    - Keyword and entity extraction
    - Pattern discovery
    - Anomaly detection

- Alpine Data Labs
  - Acquired by TIBCO renamed TIBCO Data Discovery
  - TIBCO® Data Discovery provides automated data profiling and discovery capabilities as a robust, scalable, highly available and easily deployable solution for mission-critical enterprise data quality. Automated profiling capabilities provide valuable insight about the current state of the data. Early discovery highlights issues, anomalies, and previously unknown data problems

Commit message:

Updated data discovery
Added Metaphor, Select Star and Alteryx. Removed Rapid Miner and Kinime.

Data Discovery /major_players.md, after:

# Data Discovery

- **Metaphor** [https://metaphor.io/]
  - Metaphor is a search and discovery tool which aims to help all organizations better understand and manage their data through the power of the metadata knowledge graph.  
  - Metaphor provides full visibility into your data landscape and empowers both data producers and consumers to work more effectively and efficiently.
  - Enables quick and accurate impact analysis as well as offers critical insights like data consumption patterns and resource utilization.
  - Combines three types of metadata: Technical metadata - All metadata sourced from the data systems, including schemas, lineage, SQL/code, description, data profile, data quality, etc. Business metadata - The mapping between physical data and business use cases governed at the company, organization, or team level,    Behavioral metadata - Linking data assets to the users who create, use, and depend on them, as well as the actual usage behavior.
  - Metaphor is a fully managed, secure, and enterprise-ready platform that surfaces rich insights into your data ecosystem to where and when you need them. We support Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, PostgreSQL, Looker, dbt, and many other integrations out of the box to surface important metadata such as Schema definition, Ownership, End-to-end lineage, Data model definition, Data quality, Data profile, Usage pattern, BI dashboard, Job orchestration.

- **Select Star** [https://www.selectstar.com/]
  - Select Star is an automated data discovery platform that helps you understand your data - where it lives, how it's structured, and how it's used. It automatically catalogs & documents your database tables and BI dashboards.
  - Select Star automatically detects and displays your column-level data lineage.
  - Automatically surfaces how your company uses data. That means you can identify relevant data fields without needing to ask someone else.
  - Treats your data with AICPA SOC 2 Security, Confidentiality, and Availability standards, making sure your data is always safe and sound.

- **Alteryx** [https://www.alteryx.com/]
  - Alteryx unifies analytics, data science and business process automation in one, end-to-end platform to accelerate digital transformation.
  - Alteryx empowers analysts to prep, blend, and analyze data faster with hundreds of no-code, low-code analytic building blocks that enable highly configurable and repeatable workflows.
  - Integrate with 80+ data sources, including spreadsheets, documents, cloud sources, Snowflake, and RPA bots like UiPath and BluePrism to drive business outcomes.
  - Creates a culture of analytics by unleashing line-of-business users to all your data platforms using existing access, authentication and authorization permissions.
-
- **Revolution Analytics** [https://www.revolution-analytics.co.ke/]
  - Revolution Analytics provides an enterprise-class platform for the development and deployment of R-based analytic solutions that can scale across large data warehouses and Hadoop systems, and can integrate with enterprise systems.
  - Revolution R Enterprise is a commercial package of R, an open-source functional programming language designed for statistical computing and graphics.
  - R is being increasingly used for data analysis.
  
- **Megaputer** [https://www.megaputer.com/]
  - Megaputer provides two separate software packages for text analysis.
  - Megaputer provides two separate software packages for text analysis : PolyAnalyst, TextAnalyst
  - Features:
    - Categorization
    - Clustering
    - Prediction
    - Link Analysis
    - Keyword and entity extraction
    - Pattern discovery
    - Anomaly detection

- **Alpine Data Labs** [https://www.tibco.com/products/data-science]
  - Acquired by TIBCO renamed TIBCO Data Discovery
  - TIBCO® Data Discovery provides automated data profiling and discovery capabilities as a robust, scalable, highly available and easily deployable solution for mission-critical enterprise data quality. Automated profiling capabilities provide valuable insight about the current state of the data. Early discovery highlights issues, anomalies, and previously unknown data problems
